hola que tal hope you find of
the best I am here the manager of git
astute and this time we're going to
perform a series of exercises to
that you practice your hand technique
left and right hand in this
video I will not have to explain every
one of the techniques therefore you
I highly recommend that you review the
video techniques to reach out and touch
right and the techniques video for
touch with the left hand because
you will need them to understand
fully this video the only thing that
we need to specify for this video
is that the fingers of the left hand and
on the right hand they have denominations
different and based on those
denominations we are going to locate for
be able to practice a lot of
exercises the fingers of the hand
left are named from the index to me
I said as of one two three and four the
thumb has no denomination because it
find behind the kingfisher remember 1 2
3 4 in relation to the fingers of the hand
right they receive the name according to
its initial is to say the thumb is the finger
index is the finger and the middle is the m
is the finger so as a matter p & m
the little finger does not have a name because
according to the correct techniques for
playing classical guitar is not used without
However, as a personal recommendation
you use it in an arpeggio a strum
much better personally the more
of what you use better first thing
let's review are the techniques for
make points
you can use with your right hand
the technique that you like most, be it the
technical supporting
the pulling technique
however, I recommend you use
both for you to master them
Left hand exercises are very
simple because only
We need to know how it is that we are going to
step on each of the strings for this
For example, we received some coordinates
that in this case we are going to carry out the
coordinates 1 2 3 4 which means
that would be 1 2 3 4 the 1st finger in the
first the 2 in the second and 3 in the
third and fourth on the fourth fret and
we're going to do it in the sixth in the
fifth in the fourth in the third and
then when we get to the first one we go
to go up the second for the third one
I 'll show it quickly so
consume a lot of video time but
so you can get an idea of ​​how it is that
it will be
two
and they realize the sixth the first and
rise in the first to the sixth and what
The only thing I did was to use 1-2-3-4 at
principle maybe not so fast but in
practical basis I assure you that you are going to
Achieve explains the exercise more
basic 1 2 3 4 because on the basis of
this you will be able to do the exercise
that you only want to alternate
for example the 1 and then it will not continue
the 2 you can follow the 3 and now if the 2
and then the 4 or that could be 13 24
13 24 and so you're going to do it
from top to bottom and from bottom to top this
so that you do not type
only in making a move because
then when you check a scale you do not go
to be able to do it, I recommend you
do all the possible exercises 14
23 13 24 13 42 where the purpose of your
hand is fully adaptable to
any sequence this because
the scales are practically that's a
finger after another finger in relation to this
pattern whether that first is 1 then
4 and then another rope jumps me and
I'm going to do 1
4 for example the sun scale
you can see that practically
it is this scale only that with certain
values outward I'm just going to
use certain channels so you
I highly recommend that you exercise
using a series of patterns
different not only in 1234 but that
invent all you want
obviously using the two techniques
so that the two thousand
now let's review the exercises
to perform arpeggios as we saw the
fingers of the right hand are called
as p & m and in relation to how it is that
It takes the same page I 'm like it's going to
name the same arpeggio is to say yes
I was an arpeggio I use the thumb
index the half dollar is arpeggio receives
the name of p & m because they are the two that
use if the arpeggio added the medium
again for example
receives the name of arpeggio p & m and other
time
pn
so based on this you will be able to
do the amount of species that you
want for the practices in this
I'll give you some advice so that
the practice is again and again in order
that your hand becomes more agile you can
do the arpeggios that you want for
example the following arpeggio is very
basic and is the one that we are going to use for
practice it's about repression
internal
and this time I'm going to show you something
so that practice is a child again
in order that your right hand will
do as agile as possible we will place
the index and the middle on the first fret
of the fourth and second rope and the
annular and the little finger on the second fret
of the third and the first body is
it's about a diminished counter
I leave you on the screen a zoom of this
chord and also the triad so that
I can review it calmly and in
basis of this chord we will perform the
arpeggio for example the one that I mentioned you
recently that is appearing in
screen the diagram according to the
fingers
and we're going to do the arpeggio once and in
the next one we're just going to change
below is to say if we use the sixth
rope after we're going to use the
fifth and we will do the same and
then the fourth so the exercise
it would be
and you're going to do that tour, that is,
using each of the lows by
every time you say the chord so
I'm going to do that in this position what
I'm going to do it again when he says it in
the second fret in the third in the
fourth in the fifth in the sixth and I
I want until 11 others I'll
show quickly so you can see how
is that so you can practice it
according to the correct method
in a long time
and so on until it arrives
to the frets and we're going to do
reverse
and you're going to practice this exercise with the
so that his right hand does this
move naturally and get used to
to be as it is logical there is a great
amount of patterns so you can
practice your arpeggios but in this
occasion I will limit myself without because it is
the one that is going to let go of your hand so
You can do it properly quickly
I remind you that at the beginning this is going
to serve as space there is no hurry
all the time will continue to improve if
I served you in my video
support me commenting giving line
subscribe to the channel
if you want more exercises to practice
your techniques let me know in the box
comments
thank you very much for watching the video remember
remove pipelines do not forget to subscribe to
channel